of the edition
apart we also have the important the
Special expulsion but hey Control
first let's do in a boxing the
of the game at the end we leave the control
with an island in both but good
good is the 10 0 edition of each
password the game already had several days
of having leaked myself as I am
good boy then bought a small store
this and good, here is what it brings
intra and there are these skins for
certain extra weapons and also the skin
barlett its skeleton there can not be
appreciate fine but good we're going to
remove the plastic that I already broke
to avoid these problems
perfect very well now yes we can already
see the best also there you see the camera
and it is very very very well what is the
little game
extra content and upload the campaign and everything
classic and that there will be no
there is nothing
of control codes and there are not any
code shown good is the first thing that
we have here is the one on this the disc
that looks pretty good in this is a
propaganda of the season pass
all legitimate
here there is no code but they are
little things like that or another QR code
now we can here and this is how nice
it's a geography that's the father what's
on day 0 the digital coordinator what
bring not the codes unfortunately
these codes are not consistent with
normal codes
this one that I'm going to give away the two days of
gold I will put a comment here in
the description I will post a comment
with the code of the two days of colt
good system and I leave it so that first
I'll take it, you know, but well
and here is a good photograph the
signature d
the congrí of another ox do not tell you of
who can thank you very much for buying
this shit and good to the district and
for that city a box and not what is the
game and now let's move on to what is the
control
to see what I close that is super
complicated there is we move on to what is
good control control is the
control control the east has thus these
little things that would be like packages like
envelopes in plants against zombies for
that understand me here back is this
thing is there the monkey also here what
which includes are these batteries the control
and because the downloadable content are
preparations
he played beautiful the truth in the camera not
it is appreciated very well but it is beautiful
true
those hard triggers that cost work
move them
is very very very well valued is very
very new in control we see it more for
back they have the happy happy face
polvito this is the first this
the first time because he's very
parent control if we compare it where
pay for the one who is already more filthy and
everything today here is very very
true this is the new control I'm going
to use the one that will play
Carlos and this one I'm going to leave there for
visits or for collection but good
they also have batteries that we are not going to
use outside and behind in the box are
these codes these codes the pro there are
two this is the guide to turn on and
control that I'm going to teach it because it
he already perceives the pass one takes the step
two you put it and step 3 perez the
console then alias is the brand
of the cinema
and until you are these are the
codes codes and codes
these mothers that then I'm going to
show us is normal too
unfortunately they are not codes that are
codes this you have to put in the
We 're not what you want
this but good this has been the one booty
the special edition control of call
of duty this and also of game we
we see the game so I'm going to keep my
first multiplayer game this in
some hours
the first thing that installs game already
they see that it is to install and to see I hope that
do not give me like the alien there his version of
who told me that I have to give him this
an installation arrival but good until
other people goodbye